I could say that my past was really an unhappy past.
I went through very difficult times during my childhood.
I lost hope that I could ever have a better life.
Because of that, I started to associate with the wrong people in my life.
One night I was arrested and sent a Boulot prison.
It is a high security prison in Congo.
Prison is a very dangerous place,
but I was surprised how they accepted the truce easily.
Really, I was amazed.
We needed to obtain permission to be able to continue to preach in the prison.
We had so enjoyed the preaching work there.
I went to see the authorities in the city to find out what was required
so that we could have permission to preach in the prison.
To my great amazement, they simply handed me a paper
and told me to put my request in writing.
They asked me to wait.
Within minutes, I had the authorization in my hands without paying anything at all.
Every time the situation seemed insurmountable to us, impossible to us,
we saw the hand of Jehovah providing us with the suitable solution.
The authorization gave a great boost to the special witnessing initiative.
In harmony with 1 Corinthians 9 verses 22 and 23,
the brothers could then become all things to people of all sorts,
so that they might by all possible means save some.
Some religious leaders, who were also prisoners,
were extremely opposed to our presence.
They conspired and had us thrown out of our meeting place.
The prisoners themselves were concerned about this.
They found another meeting place even more spacious than the former.
Since Boulevard is 8 kilometers away from our congregation,
to transport the group who support the preaching organ meetings,
the body of elders organized too many buses to go out every Saturday to Boulevard.
Once they arrived, they began the preaching work at 8.30
and at 10 o'clock the meetings start.
All the meetings of the week are held on the Saturday.
Concerning Jehovah's Witnesses personally, I'm very impressed.
It's more than three years they've been more active in helping the detainees.
The re-education of the prisoners is assured by Jehovah's Witnesses.
This is a good collaboration on the part of Jehovah's Witnesses.
With this, I'm very happy.
175 attended the Circuit Assembly in December 2014,
which was held in the prison, and seven were baptized.
Local media covered the event.
This is the first time I've seen Jehovah's Witnesses baptized here in the Boulevard prison.
This is a good thing.
I encourage you to continue with this assistance.
Every week there are more than 18 attendants, and sometimes more than that, even 140.
In the attendance, there are the 36 publishers,
the brothers who learned the truth in Boulevard prison,
30 are baptized and 6 are baptized.
I visited many churches because I had a lot of questions,
but I never got any exact answers.
When I went to see Jehovah's Witnesses,
they gave me accurate answers from the Bible.
To know that Jehovah is compassionate and ready to forgive,
these are the qualities that touch me.
I used to be a soldier. I was in the military.
I attended various churches because I had a question that bothered me a lot.
I wondered why God allows bad things to happen to people all the time.
While I was in prison,
Jehovah's Witnesses came to visit and talk to us.
I asked them the same question,
why does God allow sickness and suffering to continue?
They replied by using three Bible verses.
I was very happy because I received the answer to my question.
Papiokito is the brother who learned the truth in prison.
He made such remarkable progress
that those in charge now have confidence in him.
Like Joseph in the Bible,
he has been placed in a position of supervision over the other prisoners.
He also made further progress,
and thus the management has requested that his prison sentence be reduced.
When I arrived in the prison, I had lost hope.
I thought for me it was the end.
By means of the Bible, I have found joy and hope in my life.
That is why today I am happy,
even though I am still here,
but I know that the paradise is for me.
It's been five years since the brothers started preaching in the Bulu prison.
At times, the publishers placed up to 500 magazines in one weekend.
Although our success is not measured by the number of placements,
this response does paint a clear picture of the spiritual thirst among these prisoners.
In the last few months,
inside these prison walls,
11 more unbaptized publishers have been approved.
What a loving act by Jehovah
and his organization to help such individual satisfy their spiritual needs.